Thank you for your interest in working with ActiveState as a build
engineer. This programming assignment will help us to evaluate your skills
relative to our working environment and is used as a primary tool in our
hiring process. Later on in the hiring process we will have one of our
developers pair with you on making changes to your code, fixing bugs, etc.

We expect this assignment to occupy no more than 3 hours of your time.
We are primarily looking for high-quality documentation and we recognize
that you may not have time to fully polish your work, so focus on
documentation before code tests and other niceties.

We strongly encourage the use of third party tools and packages as you
work on this assignment.

We are happy to accept automation solutions provided in the following
languages:

* Bash
* Perl
* Tcl
* Python
* Ruby

If you would like to use a different language or tool, please contact
us before continuing with this assignment.

## Time Limit

We'd like you to complete this assignment within one week of receiving
instructions to do this from your recruiting contact. However, we
understand that this may not always be possible, for any number of
reasons. If this poses a problem for you, please let your recruiting
contact know what timeline works for you.

## Assignment

Document and automate building `Python 3.5.4` and the `python-blosc
1.5.1` python package from source on either CentOS 7 or Ubuntu 18.04.
You should also build `OpenSSL 1.0.2o` from source and have your
python build use it and build `c-blosc 1.14.2` from source and have your
python-blosc build use it.

You should write detailed notes on downloading and building each
component by hand, provide a script which automates this process and
provide documentation on how to use this script and extend it for other
extensions.

## Sharing Your Code and Docs With Us

Please upload a zip or tarball attachment to our recruiting system.

We do not want your solution available on the public Internet. **Do not
put this code into a public repo in order to share it with us.**
